Maya: There is another discount that you qualify for, and it's our mobile discount. Who do you have your cell phones with?
Customer: We're with Verizon.
Maya: Great! How many lines do you have?
Customer: We have four lines.
Maya: How much does your cell phone bill cost you each month?
Customer: About five hundred a month.
Maya: Why are you paying so much?
Customer: I... honestly don't know.
Maya: You have four lines, four watches and four iPads at Verizon, and you are paying $500 a month.
Maya: Those four lines, watches and iPads would only cost $185 a month on our Xfinity Mobile Plus plan.
Maya: That would save you $315 each month — that's $3,780 for the first year! Let's get you switched over to Xfinity Mobile right now!
Customer: Let's do it.